docs(*) improve docs for developer (#8253)
Kong/kong: DEVELOPER.md

        zlib-devel
```

#### OpenResty

> We have a build script that makes it easy to pull and compile specific versions of the needed components of the OpenResty system.  Currently these include OpenResty 1.19.9.1, OpenSSL 1.1.1m, LuaRocks 3.8.0 and PCRE 8.45;  the exact versions can also be found on the [`.requirements`](https://github.com/Kong/kong/blob/master/.requirements) file of the main Kong repository.

Reviewer: The version numbers will get out of date very quickly, I suggest removing them:

```suggestion
We have a build script that makes it easy to pull and compile specific versions of the needed components of the OpenResty system.  Their exact versions can be found on the [`.requirements`](https://github.com/Kong/kong/blob/master/.requirements) file.
```
